>> Kent C. Dodds: Let's go ahead and
keep track of when this is called so
we can make assertions
on how it was called.
So the first thing that
I'm gonna do is I'll say
utils.getWinner.mock = this
object as it calls array on it.
I'll show you,
we can do that all in one line.
And then we'll turn this arrow function
into an arrow function with a body.
And we'll just push on to that array
every single time it's called.
So we'll say
utils.getWinner.mock.calls.push.
We want to push all the arguments.
So what I'm gonna do is we'll make args.
And then push(args), and
then we'll return args at 1.
There are various ways
that you could do that,
but I kinda like the way that reads,
so great.
So now, if we
console.log(utils.getWinner.mock.calls),
after this thumbWar was called.
Then we'll get that printed out.
Awesome, so we just need to assert this.
We could do this a couple
of different ways.
Actually, I think in my solution,
I iterate over the calls and
make an assertion for each one of those.
It's just something occurred to me,
that I could actually do this,
expect toEqual, and that indicates hey so
it's called twice and
it's called with exactly that.
Alternatively, actually I'll just show
you the solution for the alternative.
I say that calls has a length two and
every single time it's called
it's called with that.
So either one works just as well,
gives you just as much confidence so.
Good with that.
>> Speaker 2: Kent?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yes?
>> Speaker 2: So the JavaScript
on this one really throws me, so
I wonder if you can put
some words behind so.
So here's my question,
line 10 we're assigning utils,
the getWinner property of
utils to be a function.
Line 4, well not sure why-
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah, sorry,
they're relative.
Here let me, answer mode.
>> Speaker 2: Line 14 we're assigning
getWinner to have a property to be
a JavaScript object that
has a property of mock.
So help me understand how getWinner can
be a function and also have a property.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah, so functions
are first class objects in JavaScript.
So they can have properties and that's,
trying to think of a good example of that.
For example, expect is a function but
we also have those asymmetrical matrix.
So expect.any(String) like we had in
the,
>> Kent C. Dodds: Example of matching
schema.
So expect is a function but
it's a function that has properties.
And you can put any number of
properties on functions that you want.
Pretty handy feature,
I use it pretty often.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Other questions?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Sweet, so
let's look at this next situation.
So what, awe man.
I accidentally lost our, keeping track of
the times it's called, sorry about that.
Right, let's just pretend that
that's still part of our assertions.
One thing that is kind of annoying about
what we have right here is having to
keep track of the original getWinner and
then restoring that ourselves.
And also all of this code, if we had
to do this every single time we wanted
a mock function,
that would be kind of annoying.
And so instead we're going to
use just.SpyOn to do this.
So when you're implementing this
one go ahead and pull your original
assertion over, your previous
assertion over to this because what we
implemented is actually the same kind
of API that jest.spyOn supports.
But other than that, yeah, try to swap
this implementation for jest.spyOn and
yeah, and then mockRestore.